Created How To Page (#10)
xyvora/xyvora.github.io: docs/Getting Started.md

# Getting Started

AchievAIm is an innovative open-source project that connects with your calendar and other software applications. By utilizing the potential of Generative AI, it helps you transform your abstract ideas into concrete SMART goals.

## Who Should Use ACHIEVAIM?

Whether you're an absolute beginner or a seasoned software developer, this guide offers step-by-step instructions to get you started.

## Why Use ACHIEVAIM?

- CREATE SMART GOALS: Translate your ideas into actionable SMART goals.

- UTILIZE AI: Harness AI's capability to brainstorm and refine your goals.

- GET STARTED NOW: No time like the present to align your values and objectives.

## Prep

See our contributing guide (<https://github.com/xyvora/achievaim/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md>) for instructions on how to get your development environment setup.

<p align="center"><img src="https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/Lt4Jx5H6BzdaZ2i376KnplGAfFOX7MIe8ABLCl_wzY-G9ttFiZ_Z6Ac7ZjqoKZr9kqwP759cfnceZNjvSpDzD52at2YPETgHYAPhHnmEv-0AkTdhXUe7BljSgjNNz9Kub_I9ZJKhQXr6rOiar6J-goc" style="box-shadow: 0px 0px 8px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.3);"></p>

## Login

- SIGN UP & LOG IN: by clicking “Are your Goals Smart yet? Sign up here!”

> <p align="center"><img src="https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/u3T1aMPHFml6b6x5XAPwLtMS1go9cMptkxjn7Gyuwy6a1XratgkcPACHGmXr406OgWgUsxf_oEMDvkZ3Ute5ZSFs0jdHuFP3R159EQrHzUv3gjgfoVDaCkUkPO9O9YrAcDIKUOlbQOHbFC_jRdvYHbI" style="box-shadow: 0px 0px 8px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.3);"></p>

Reviewer: Shouldn't this image be sign up and not already logged in?

<p align="center"><img src="https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/8nfi4W55CqyvfVM9LyYN-TgJt9R-NHUJUV-FOeqq6IYrSxQ5CrtZT2S7q8tjWaaYckKmvf8mk98zvhOZ8iingg4VxnhP16NaaRtNQtUVHT1IotCY2IEzc8neRiR9UYyrFqnTU7LLYJij90xFfsrfCkk" style="box-shadow: 0px 0px 8px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.3);"></p>

<p align="center"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/wGPQOGK_0wVFsyX4bOP_rReN1bJk1ptukQycWEKZbyqKI1ACHkYYyaH76MGsN4X0A8-cONLPa7Z0rE3SUX0WIrUd7DMLnZLdEZK1IdtwoThmMrsoHZ8NQlsxfMNQvFVh61RGeDjvTZ8h1Xj5qafICOQ" style="box-shadow: 0px 0px 8px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.3);"></p>

<p align="center"><img src="https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/JxFfiC1hVS4r8wo01klQKyzPzTa-ginyZBKckmRQ7b0D4X2ZJR5Ow-Bhj4WwDtMS8i68x0Ht-WFx9xK2Y1e7YJjTkzXdKKZo9d2tSZLPNlIkJQbHAEVHi0CPM02FoEVlbe5jn5q5b2xnrSNLOmRxej0" style="box-shadow: 0px 0px 8px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.3);"></p>

- ENTER YOUR DETAILS: Fill in the necessary fields such as email, password, etc.

> - CLICK SAVE: This confirms your details and logs you into the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CLICK SIGN UP: This confirms your details and logs you into the system.
```
